{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff1\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\qj\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Dec 2001 to present}{\author Simon May}{\operator Simon May}
{\creatim\yr2002\mo7\dy25\hr18\min48}{\revtim\yr2003\mo1\dy20\hr16\min58}{\printim\yr2002\mo6\dy17\hr13\min47}{\version3}{\edmins3}{\nofpages24}{\nofwords5820}{\nofchars33177}{\*\company Rathlin Software Limited}{\nofcharsws40743}{\vern113}}
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale132\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \psz9\linex0\headery0\footery0\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\trowd \trqc\trgaph113\trrh600\trleft-113\trkeep\trhdr \clvertalc\cltxlrtb \cellx2155\clvertalc\cltxlrtb \cellx7825\clvertalc\cltxlrtb \cellx10093\pard\plain 
\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Dec 2001 to present\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\keepn\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Rathlin Software Limited\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {IT Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
Acting as a consultant, I worked - and am working - on a variety of projects for small to medium sized business clients looking to maximise their IT investment, and specifically looking to move into the e-commerce arena.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Working on my own behalf, wi
th clients, providing consultancy on their IT systems, specifically to do with UNIX systems, and e-commerce solutions.  This also involves liasing with - and managing - other companies on behalf of my clients.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibilities include all aspects of providing IT systems to clients which encompasses technical and business architectures, as well as system design and implementation.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I have no internal supervisory responsibility at Rathlin Softwar
e - all my supervisory responsibilities are on behalf of my clients in managing people that they employ, either directly, or on a sub-contracted basis.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On a personal level, this work has given me the opportunity to develop the skills required to run a small business, to work successfully alone, and to market solutions to clients.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {In addition to my building on my existing skills, I have worked extensively with 'web' technologies, specifically HTML, CSS, Java, and JavaScript.
\par 
\par }\pard \pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {Aug 2002 \endash  present}{\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {ABC Ltd}{\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Project Manager}{\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At ABC I project managed \'85}{
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Managing a ten of 20 people \'85}{
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par 
\par }\trowd \trqc\trgaph113\trleft-113\trkeep\trhdr \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2155\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx7825\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx10093\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page \page \page Apr 2000 to Dec 2001\cell 
}\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Perot Systems Europe\cell }\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
Project Manager / Business Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {As a permanent employee of Perot Systems I worked mainly on account-based assignments but also worked on some pre-sales proposals.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Pero
t Systems are a world-wide IT services company, who undertake programmes and projects on behalf of clients.  When I started work with Perot Systems as an employee, it was after having already worked with Perot as a contractor for more than a year (see sec
tions below).
\par The accounts and assignments that I worked on are detailed in the sections below.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibilities during my time with Perot Systems are detailed within the sections relating to the assignments that I undertook for Perot Systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had different supervisory responsibilities for each of the assignments that I worked on whilst at Perot Systems, as detailed in each of the separate sections.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On a personal level, 
working with Perot Systems allowed me to achieve many of the goals that I had previously set for myself, including managing difficult projects to successful completion, and working in a variety of technical, business and national cultures.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {The skills that I acquired whilst working for Perot Systems are detailed in the sections relating to the assignments, below.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Jan 2001 to Jul 2001\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {CPA Jersey\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Project Manager\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On assignment at CPA, Jersey, I project managed the successful delivery of an internet-based, domain name management service to be provided by CPA to it's customers.
\par This project involved management of a third party for delivery of the web-based application and management of a Perot team for delivery of integration of the web-based application to CPA's Oracle Financials application.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {CPA Jersey are a company whose main business is the renewals of trademarks and patents for corporate customers around the world.  At the en
d of 2000 CPA decided to expand their service offering to include the registration, renewal and management of domain names.
\par Perot Systems were asked to deliver the systems and manage the delivery of third parties.  Perot Systems then gave me the project to manage on behalf of CPA.
\par This involved putting together a team of Perot Systems analysts and architects, working with CPA to establish high-level key performance indicators, and managing the third party who actually carried out the development and testing
 of the customer facing system.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
As project manager, I had overall technical responsibility for the delivery of the external customer-facing system, as well as for the interface between that system and CPA's existing internal systems for billing.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {As project manager, I had overall supervisory responsibility for this project.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Delivery of a successful system which is now working live, and generating a new revenue stream for an existing business.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {During this piece of work, I built on my existing technical and leadership skills.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page \page \page Nov 2000 to Jan 2001\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {VIA NET.WORKS\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Business Analyst /\line IT Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright 
\b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On assignment with VIA NET.WORKS, I worked with one other Perot Systems business analyst to deliver consultancy to VIA NET.WORKS to allow VIA to consolidate acquired businesses.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {VIA NET.WORKS are an American-based internet service provider (ISP) who have grown throughout the world by acquisition of local ISPs.  At t
he stage of their growth that Perot Systems became involved with them, VIA NET.WORKS were looking to consolidate all the individual ISPs into the VIA NET.WORKS corporation so that all the individual units were using the same systems for billing and provis
ioning (providing the service to customers).
\par Perot Systems were asked to audit the existing - overrunning - programme and provide a 'road-map' showing how to deliver the programme into all the individual operating units on time, and in such a way that the d
elivered systems would be culturally acceptable.  I was one of the two Perot Systems employees who were asked to participate in this consultancy challenge.
\par The consultancy consisted initially of visiting all of the European based operating units to establi
sh the current picture in terms of systems already in place, and understanding and acceptance of the programme which was already running within VIA NET.WORKS.
\par The deliverables from this consultancy work were advice and recommendations to get the programme back on track with an architecture which would work, and in such a way that the eventual systems would be acceptable to all the stakeholders in the programme.

\par The deliverables were presented to the board of VIA NET.WORKS in their American base, and as a result of the deliverables, major changes were made to the programme, and Perot Systems were asked to become involved in the programme management.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility during this assignment encompassed analysis of the existin
g architecture, recommendation of the architecture to be migrated to, and production of the migration road-map.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility during this assignment.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This assignment presented me with m
any opportunities for personal achievement which I seized.  The timescales were tight, the geographic spread of the operating units presented many challenges in terms of travel, and the level of management who had commissioned the consultancy work present
ed it's own challenges.  Despite all the challenges involved, the work was successfully received by VIA NET.WORKS, and much kudos was gained throughout Perot Systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {The skills that I acquired during this piece of work included communication skills, adaptability, and cultural awareness skills.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page \page \page Aug 2000 to Nov 2000\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {AXA\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Business Analyst\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On assignment with AXA, I worked as a business analyst within a small Perot Systems team in partnership with a French consultancy company.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
AXA are one of the world's largest insurance companies, and within Europe wanted to introduce a Europe-wide internet financial 'portal' offering customer's the ability to manage all aspects of their finances from a simple bank account, to share purchase.

\par T
he bulk of the work was being undertaken by Perot System's French partner company, and Perot Systems were asked to provide a team to be based within the UK to work with AXA Sun-Life in Bristol, to derive requirements for the portal.  I was a business anal
yst within the team.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility within this assignment was limited to analysis of business requirements.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibilities during this assignment.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
My achievements on a personal level during this assignment included working with a multi-national team covering many different companies, and successfully delivering business requirements within this complex mix of people and teams.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This assignment built on my existing communications skills, and business analysis skills.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page \page \page Apr 2000 to Jul 2000\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {KPN Mobiel\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Project Manager\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {
Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\tx2835\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {For this assignment, I was based in the Netherlands on the delivery of a major new customer relationship 
management (CRM) programme.  This was a major business change programme into an existing, conservative organisation.
\par }\pard \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright {I project managed a team made up of permanent KPN employees, contractors, Perot employees and third party employees, using new technology t
o deliver a 'proof of viability' system for the proposed new systems.  The 'proof of viability' was delivered and presented to the board for approval for progression to the main development.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {KPN are the Dutch national telecommunications provider, an
d KPN Mobiel is the division of KPN which handles mobile telephony.  Perot Systems had an alliance with a software delivery department of KPN and were looking to consolidate this relationship with a view to a possible future joint venture partnership.

\par This assignment was as a direct result of the pre-sales proposal which I had been involved in immediately prior to this assignment.
\par The overall programme of work was to implement systems which would provide KPN Mobiel with a much better view of, and a much closer relationship with, its customers.
\par I was asked to project manage a 'proof of viability' project to establish for senior KPN Mobiel management that the solution which had been proposed by KPN's internal architecture group, could actually be made to work.
\par The project team consisted of ten experienced software developers from within Perot Systems, from KPN Mobiel, and from a third party company who were providing the applications development tools.  The project ran for three months, and successfully deliver
ed a system which demonstrated viability to senior KPN management and which then allowed the overall programme to receive funding.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {As project manager, all technical responsibility for this project rested with me.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
My supervisory responsibility during this assignment was as project manager for a team of ten people from within Perot Systems, KPN, and the third party supplier of the applications software tool-kit.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This assignment provided
 me with the opportunity to achieve a successful project in a different European country with a team of people from different companies all with slightly different agendas.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
This assignment built on my project management skills, my communications skills, as well as giving me exposure to technologies for application development which I had not previously encountered.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Jan 1993 to Apr 2000\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Rathlin Software Limited\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {IT Consultant / Freelance Contractor\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright 
\b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
This period of time covers all of the contracts that are listed below, from my first with Barclays Network Services starting in January 1993, to the last with Perot Systems ending in April 2000.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {The detail of all of these contracts is given in each section.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibilities are given in each section.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no internal supervisory responsibility whilst at Rathlin Software - all of my supervisory responsib
ility during this time, came whilst working as a contractor for the various companies detailed below.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Working for over seven years as a contractor, gave me many personal achievements.  In addition to the specific achievements listed w
ithin each section, being a contractor, allowed me visibility of many and various companies, showed me that I could adapt rapidly and well to various working environments and a variety of people.  This period also gave me the basics of the skills required
 to run a small business.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {As detailed in each section.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Jan 2000 to Apr 2000\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Perot Systems Europe\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {IT Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {
Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I was asked to return to Perot Systems in January 2000, in a pre-sales capacity to work with them on putting together proposals for clients.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I worked on several proposals during this time with Perot Systems, including :
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Electricity Industry proposal
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This involved putting together a proposal for a major UK electricity supplier, for the development and eventual outsourcing of their IT systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Hospitality industry proposal
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This involved putting together a proposal for the development and implementation of customer relationship management business systems and practices.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Telecommunications industry proposal
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This proposal was again for customer relationship management business systems and practices, for a major European telecommunications company, which in
volved me spending time in the Netherlands on-site at the client offices.  This proposal was successful, and led to me working on the eventual project (see the 'KPN Mobiel' assignment above).
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility during this time covered systems architecture, as well as general industry experience.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility during this time at Perot Systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Personally I achieved the knowledge that I could rapidly und
erstand complex businesses at several levels of the business, as well as the knowledge that I could work abroad in an environment and culture very different to that which I had been used to.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Furthering of my experience of pre-sales work.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page May 1998 to Jun 1999\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Perot Systems Europe\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {IT Consultant /\line Project Manager\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright 
\b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {During this period of time at Perot Systems, I worked on several projects, all for Perot's main customer in the UK, East Midland's Electricity (EME) - now PowerGen.
\par I was involved in EME's year 2000 project, and mainly in their UK Electricity Industry Deregulation project.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Perot I was involved in several projects :
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Year 2000 Applications Inventory Database
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {As a very large company which has been in existence 
for many years, EME had - and continues to have - a very large number of very disparate applications.  In order to verify that all of these applications were Year 2000 compliant, the work involved in cataloguing the applications was massive.  I successful
ly led the development of a Microsoft Access database application for tracking the inventory of EME's applications.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {UK Electricity Industry, 1998 Deregulation Industry Trialing
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {In July 1998, I started to work as part of the management team for EME's industr
y trialling effort.  This was a very successful effort which meant that EME joined the competitive market two months ahead of schedule against some very tight time scales.  This role carried on into making sure that the newly developed systems went live s
uccessfully.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Support for the cut-over to live running on the new systems
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Once EME's systems had passed the industry trialing, the systems had to be made live.  During this period of time, I worked as part of the support team managing the successful go-live 
period.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li284\sb240\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Year 2000 System Test
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
My next role was to lead a team of fifty people who were executing systems tests as part of EME's Year 2000 programme.  The fifty people were split into five teams based in four different locations - two in Nottingham, two in 
America, and one in India.  This challenging role has been very successful and has had widespread recognition throughout Perot Systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Whilst at Perot Systems, I had several areas of technical responsibility including project mana
gement, analysis and design of databases, planning and Management information reporting, as well as business analysis liaison with end users.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {During my time at PowerGen, I had several roles of supervisory responsibility including
 project management of Year 2000 System Test, for three months, management of 'Planning and Reporting' team, for four months, and management of inventory database development team.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My time at Perot Systems gave me many opportunities f
or personal achievement, including successful trialing of EME's new (deregulation) systems to allow participation in the UK electricity market, management of Year 2000 system test, and management of off-shore system test execution teams.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Sk
ills that I acquired whilst at Perot Systems included furthering of project management skills, an introduction to the MVS operating system, use of Microsoft Access database, and capitalisation of my business analysis skills, and database design skills.

\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Apr 1998\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {The Merchants Group\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I was called in by Merchants, to provide consultancy for a response to an invitation to tender that they were providing for a major participant in the U
K electricity sector. My involvement was leading the IT strand of the Merchants section of the bid, from the point of view of my commercial awareness, industry knowledge, and IT perspective.  My responsibilities covered analysis, architecture and design, 
costing, and presentation of the solution from a sales perspective.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Merchants were involved in an Invitation to Tender submitted by PowerGen at the time of PowerGen's take-over of East Midlands' Electricity.  Sema were the main contractor, but they r
equired Merchants for the call centre part of the operation.  I was called in by Merchants to boost their in-house electricity sector knowledge and also to provide Merchants with expertise of client server systems architecture.  This was so that Merchants
' systems would be able to talk to those of Sema.
\par The team involved in the proposal were from several different companies, and had never worked together before.  We had a single week to put together a suitable proposal covering everything from design of the
 IT system, design of the business processes, and design of a suitable call centre.  This was a mammoth task.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility encompassed the architecture and design of the IT solution for inclusion in the Merchants' element of the response to the Invitation to Tender.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I led the team of two IT consultants on behalf of Merchants.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This was the first time that I had been involved in the bid stage of an IT project, and as such
 I learnt an awful lot that is not normally visible to IT people who are purely involved on the technical side of a development.  This work also gave me the opportunity to bring together and work with a disparate group of people, to provide a technical pr
oposal.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This work gave me an insight into the bidding process for a major Invitation to Tender.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Nov 1995 to Apr 1998\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {PowerGen Plc\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Project Manager / Business Analyst / Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright 
\b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At PowerGen, I worked on a variety of project
s within the scope of PowerGen's direct sales organisation. My initial involvement with PowerGen was as a software engineer in order to analyse, design and implement a system to register PowerGen's new customers with a national registration system.  I the
n project managed several small projects to do with streamlining PowerGen's direct sales division.
\par In October 1996, I was asked to project manage one of the four strands of PowerGen's 1998 (preparedness for deregulation) programme.  In May 1997, PowerGen su
bcontracted the work to actually code the required Oracle based applications.  I continued in a management capacity, providing consultancy and analysis expertise, and also reviewing the work of the sub-contractor on behalf of PowerGen.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My first piec
e of work at PowerGen, was designing and implementing a database system for use in the registration of 'second tier supplier' electricity meter systems.  The system runs on IBM RS6000 machines running AIX, and the system was implemented in 'C' with embedd
ed SQL interfacing to an Ingres database.  The system that I implemented interfaces to the Electronic Registration System (ERS) which is run by the Statutory Supply Authority (SSA).
\par Following the successful implementation of the registration system, I performed consultancy and UNIX/C developer role on several small projects within the wider context of PowerGen\rquote s Sales and Marketing function.
\par After my initial work at PowerGen, I project managed the 'SPS' (sales productivity tool) development on an on-going ba
sis, implementing changes and new work as it arose.  A very successful implementation resulted in account managers being able to target prospects more reliably and in having accurate and up to date information to hand. SPS is a proprietary product running
 under MS Windows and Novell Netware. As part of the integration of SPS into the post-Sales function within PowerGen, my role on SPS encompassed UNIX / C, and embedded SQL with Ingres.
\par The next project that I worked on was PowerGen's 1998 project to prepare
 for the opening of the electricity market for competition.  I started as project manager of the registration project during the analysis and design phase and during the successful hand over to an external software agency for implementation on an AIX plat
form running an Oracle database.  I performed a consultancy role from then on, which involved assisting users in production of low level requirements, and assisting the external agency in evaluation and review of their solution.
\par After the initial analysis a
nd design phase of the 1998 project, I continued in my role of business analyst and consultant with a wider purview than the registration project.  The main focus of my role was in facilitating communication between users, IT developers, and the external 
software agency, as well as providing design authority to the development team using the Oracle database.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibilities at PowerGen differed depending on the project that I was working on at the time, but included an
alysis and design of IT systems, liaison with users, and analysis, design and implementation of variety of systems running on UNIX, and written in 'C', using either Ingres or Oracle.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {During my time at PowerGen, I had several posi
tions of supervisory responsibility, including being a team leader, and for the last six months of my time at PowerGen being project manager for a project team which included internal PowerGen staff, contractors, and members of a third party supplier.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
On a personal level, I thoroughly enjoyed my time at PowerGen, and felt that the many experiences that I gained during my time there gave me many personal achievements.  To single out a particular personal achievement it would be my gaini
ng successful project management experience.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {In addition to building on my existing skills and experience, whilst at PowerGen, I added strong business analysis skills, and strong project management skills.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Oct 1995\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Kenrick and Jefferson\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Kenrick and Jefferson I worked as part of a small team designing and implementing a document processing system using a Document Sciences product called CompuSet.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Kenrick and Jefferson are a company specialising in secure printing (MOT certificates, etc).
\par I was part of a team of five contractors brought in to produce a bill printing system for a large utility company. The project used a specialist document composition software product, called CompuSet.
\par The coding was all carried out on PCs, but the target platforms were VAX machines, running UNIX.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Analysis and design of bill printing system.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {In the absence of the project manager, I took on the responsibilities of the project manager, in reporting to the client on progress.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Once again, very rapidly, getting involved in - and pulling together - a team, at short notice and to good effect.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Whilst at Kenrick and Jefferson, I gained skills in the use of the CompuSet product set, as well as further project management and leadership skills.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Aug 1995\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {British Gas, TransCo\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At British Gas TransCo I provided consultancy on the installation and configuration of a SCO-UNIX system.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I was sub-contracted by Computacenter to British Gas to install a SCO-UNIX system. This was not a job that I had done before, but I was able to achieve the installati
on on time, and successfully.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Installation of a SCO-UNIX system.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at British Gas.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Ability to adapt rapidly to a new environment.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Installation and configuration of a UNIX system.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Feb 1995 to Aug 1995\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Misys Financial Systems\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {
Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Misys Financial Systems are a
 producer of computer systems for the commercial insurance industry. The project that I worked on at Misys - Libra - was a system to assist insurance brokers in the sale of life assurance.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I worked at Misys as part of a small team developing and enhancing an existing product for use in the life insurance market.
\par I was involved in designing the Libra system using the Yourdon design methodology and implementation of the system on a SCO-UNIX platform running an Informix relational database, using 'C' as
 the development language. The development environment was both SCO-UNIX and DEC Alpha machines using the OSF version of UNIX.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibilities whilst at Misys included being part of a small development and maintenance
 team, making enhancements and corrections to an existing software product, as well as general 'C', UNIX, RDBMS, SCCS, debugging, Yourdon expertise.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at Misys.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Timely delivery of all work assigned to me.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Further building on existing 'C', UNIX, and database (Informix) experience.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Sep 1994 to Feb 1995\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {AAH Meditel\line }{\b0\fs24 
(now Torex Meditel)}{\cell }\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain 
\s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Meditel I was involved in the analysis, design, and implementation of an SCO UNIX based commercial system for fund-holding GPs.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Meditel I was involved in the analysis, design, and implementation of an SCO UNIX based commercial system for fund-
holding GPs. The system was designed according to published DoH specifications, and was responsible for clinical and financial data. The system was developed on PCs running SCO UNIX to tie in with computer systems already being used in GP surgeries. The s
y
stem was a database system based on an Informix relational database. The design for the system utilised my Yourdon methodology knowledge heavily as there was no in-house knowledge of the methodology when I joined Meditel. The implementation of the system 
was carried out using the 'C' programming language. As the development team was a small one, my responsibilities often extended to those of team-leader.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility at Meditel included analysis, design and implementa
tion of system running on UNIX, and written in 'C', according to specifications laid down by the Department of Health.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {During the course of the six month contract, my responsibilities often extended to those of team leader.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
Personal achievements during this time included successful translation of complex Department of Health specifications into a working system, ensuring harmonious working relationships with a diverse group of individuals, and delivering succ
ess under extremely tight time constraints.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
During my time at Meditel, I capitalised on my existing knowledge and skills, and furthered my skills with UNIX and 'C', extended my knowledge of SQL, and embedded SQL, and gained much more experi
ence in the use of the UNIX SCCS utility, debugging techniques, and the UNIX 'make' utility.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Jun 1994 to Sep 1994\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Barclay's Network Services\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {
Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My second period of work at Barclays involved work on a continuation of the project wh
ich I had previously worked on at Barclays.  I was involved in the production of system test detailed test case specification, I also provided live support to Bank branches which were using the system as installed, and I was responsible for the production
 and documentation of a generic test harness suite.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This second piece of work at Barclays was essentially continuation of the work that I had previously done (see section below).
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility at Barclays includ
ed accurate analysis and design using the Yourdon/Ward-Mellor analysis and design methodology, analysis, design and implementation of system running on UNIX, and written in 'C', production of specifications for others to work to, some programming as part 
of a team, responsibility for testing of my own programs before submission to wider team effort, and ensuring error free code which did not interfere with any other modules.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at Barclays.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {This second period of work at Barclays gave me the personal achievement of demonstrating that the first period of work had been sufficiently successful for Barclays to ask me to return.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I capitalised on my existing skills with the technology.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page May 1994\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Archetype Systems\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {IT Consultant\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Adaptation of an existing forms designer product to use different network access.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Archetype, I was called in to adapt an existing forms designer product to use Novell Ne
tWare LAN accessing rather than the LAN Manager LAN accessing that it originally used. This brief contract called for immediate interpretation and updating of existing code.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical responsibility at Archetype involved carrying out amendments according to a specification, and ensuring error free operation.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at Archetype.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Personally, I achieved delivery to extremely tight timescales, and demonstration of an ability to get into a project with no 'lead in' time and finish the job successfully.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Programming of Novell Netware
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Feb 1993 to Mar 1994\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Barclay's Network Services\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Designer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {
Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {The pro
ject that I worked on at Barclays was a distributed processing, UNIX platform management tool.  The system was designed to run on IBM RS6000 series machines running AIX (UNIX).  My role was primarily as a designer using Yourdon/Ward-Mellor design methodol
ogy, and Teamwork and McCabe CASE design tools.  I was also involved at the coding level, using 'C' as the development language.  The majority of the design was carried out on HP Apollo workstations running HP-UX (UNIX).
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Barclay's Network Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclay's Bank, and provides applications infrastructure to the network of Barclay's Bank branches around the UK.
\par My time at Barclay's Network Services was my first contract.  I was bought in as part of a team of software designers for my Yourdon design skills.
\par The project that I worked on was to enable Barclays to update the applications architecture of their branch network of IBM RS/6000s in a co-ordinated and centrally controlled manner.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My technical
 responsibility at Barclays included accurate analysis and design using the Yourdon/Ward-Mellor analysis and design methodology, analysis, design and implementation of system running on UNIX, and written in 'C', production of specifications for others to 
work to, some programming as part of a team, responsibility for testing of my own programs before submission to wider team effort, and ensuring error free code which did not interfere with any other modules.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at Barclays.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On a personal level, I achieved my first freelance IT contract, as well as having the contract renewed, and also the ability to make significant contribution to large team effort.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Skills that I acquired whilst working at Barclays included the ability to work as a freelance IT contractor, and a furthering of my Yourdon expertise.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Apr 1990 to Dec 1992\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Cray Communications\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Designer / Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright 
\b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I worked as a software engineer within Cray's wide area network product department.
\par Whilst at CASE, I had responsibility for development of a frame-relay feeder product, which was successfully exhibited at TMA 1992
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Cray Communications (previously CASE Commu
nications) were a manufacturer of communications equipment.  I joined Cray as part of the wide area networking department, primarily on their 'DCX' range of equipment.
\par I worked on a variety of projects at CASE covering maintaining and enhancing their existing products as well as analysing, designing and implementing new products.
\par At Cray Communications, I worked on several WAN products, which enhanced my skills in the production of real-time embedded applications. My responsibilities involved analysis and d
esign - using the Yourdon/Ward-Mellor methodology - and coding. The coding was in 'C' for the Motorola 68000 microprocessor. The development environment was a VAX minicomputer running UNIX.  Whilst at CASE I attended several courses, amongst which was an 
advanced 'C' course run by The Instruction Set.
\par After promotion, the next project that I worked on at Cray, was the production of a frame relay feeder product.  I led the small development team, and was responsible for the analysis, design and associated do
cumentation as well as for a demonstration product which was on show at TMA '92 in Brighton. The product was released successfully and within the allotted time scales.  The coding was all in 'C' for the Motorola 68020 microprocessor, and the development e
nvironment was a VAX minicomputer running UNIX. I also had responsibility for specifying, introducing, and running a Novell LAN.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At CASE, my technical responsibilities involved programming as part of a team, taking responsibility fo
r testing of my own programs before submission to wider team effort, as well as ensuring that my code was error free, and did not interfere with any other modules.  This was all in a coding environment of 'C' cross-compiled to assembler, and loaded onto p
roprietary embedded systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {For the last six months of my time at CASE, I held team leader responsibilities.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Whilst at CASE, my personal achievements included growth in my confidence as a software engineer, and demonstrating a new product at a major industry exhibition.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {The skills that I acquired at CASE, were primarily technical ones, including 'C' and UNIX programming, real-time embedded software design and build, WANs and telecommunications
 in general, and the use of CASE (Computer Aided Software Engineering) tools, and QA tools.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Jan 1989 to Apr 1990\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Plessey Naval Systems\cell 
}\pard\plain \qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Software Engineer\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {
Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I joined Plessey Naval Systems as a graduate engineer and worked on the production of a subm
arine based sonar system. At Plessey I attended several courses including one on object oriented design, and one on digital signal processing. I programmed in Pascal and Ada for the Intel 80386 microprocessor in an MS-DOS based PC development environment.
 All the design work that I did at Plessey was carried out on SUN workstations using Teamwork as a CASE tool to implement Yourdon design methodologies.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Plessey was my first IT job after graduating from university.
\par The project that I was involved in a
t Plessey was a submarine sonar system, covering everything from the hull mounted sonar arrays right through communications via the submarine's command and control systems, and including the user interface on a touch sensitive screen.  My responsibilities
 covered designing and implementing a test rig for the communications protocol, designing the user interface menus, and other similar work as required.
\par I worked as part of a team on a submarine sonar system, developing a real time embedded application, writ
ten in Pascal.  Being a defence contractor, Plessey were very strong on analysis and design, and used thoroughly the Yourdon design methodology.  To support their use of this methodology Plessey used the Teamwork tool.  My time at Plessey gave me a thorou
gh grounding in developing embedded applications, and in use of the Yourdon design methodology.
\par The design work was all carried out on Sun workstations using the 'Teamwork' product to produce Yourdon design documentation - data flow diagrams, data dictionary, essential model, et cetera.
\par The coding was all carried out on IBM PCs, and then cross compiled for the Intel 80x86 microprocessor.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Plessey, my technical responsibilities involved programming as part of a team, taking responsi
bility for testing of my own programs before submission to wider team effort, as well as ensuring that my code was error free, and did not interfere with any other modules.  This was all in a coding environment of Pascal cross-compiled to assembler, and l
oaded onto proprietary embedded systems.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at Plessey.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {On a personal level, my job at Plessey was my first job in IT after graduation, and aside from learning about wo
rking in a commercial environment, I also developed in terms of programming and testing a variety of software modules for a variety of uses.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {The skills that I acquired at Plessey, were primarily technical ones, including real-time embedded 
software development, Yourdon / Ward-Mellor analysis and design methodologies, use of the 'Teamwork' CASE tool, use of debugging tools, such as In Circuit Emulators, as well as design and implementation of pre-emptive operating systems.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\page Aug 1986 to Aug 1987\cell }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {Unisys\cell }\pard\plain 
\qr\sb240\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Industrial Trainee\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\row }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Summary
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {At Unisys I was employed as an industrial trainee on a year's placement from University which gave me an excellent insight into the commercial IT industry.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Detail
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My industrial placement year at Unisys was the third year of my four year sandwich degree course.
\par The year's placement gave me my first insight into the 'real' world of work and commercial realities.
\par The intention of the year was to get involved in a broad variety of projects to give an overview of the IT industry in general.
\par The department of Unisys that I was involved in was the 'Office Automation' department, whose responsibilities covered basic networked personal computers, running word processing and spreadsheet packages, right through to large document p
rocessing machines used by high volume cheque processing departments, typically of banks. As such, the department had many clients within the City of London.
\par I worked with more senior full-time employees of the company - and occasionally on my own - implem
enting office automation solutions. During my time at Unisys, I ran a course on the use of a bespoke banking software system for the staff of a major high street bank.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Technical Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I was part of the Office Automation team, with responsibility for constructing solutions for a variety of clients.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Supervisory Responsibility
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {I had no supervisory responsibility whilst at Unisys.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Personal Achievements
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {My major personal achievement whilst at Unisys was leading a training course for a major high street bank.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb360\keep\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Skills Acquired
\par }\pard\plain \qj\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid {Unisys product range - B20 workstations and BTOS operating system
\par 
\par }}